his eyes open says 6-year-old Kanan as
his brother's eyes are being shut
forever too little to understand death
many here say being a Palestinian means
he's too close to avoid
it 17-year-old sliman was supposed to
returned to school on Monday after a
break instead his brother mother and
father said they're fine no goodbyes he
has another brother in an Israeli
military jail detained under Israel's
policy of arresting Palestinians without
charge I don't know if my son iser knows
that his brother was killed he is an
offer military prison last I heard from
him was on October 15th soan was with
his 16-year-old friend Khaled near Al in
the occupied West Bank both were shot
and killed by Israeli forces late on
Sunday the street where they were shot
is meters away from khaled's home it's
near the illegal Israeli settlement of
bet L and close to an Israeli military
Tower people working in the area tell us
that this is the place where Israeli
soldiers shot and killed Khaled and suan
they monitor Palestinian movement
through these surveillance cameras the
Israeli Army Radio accuses the two teens
of throwing homemade explosives at
Israeli soldiers but Palestinians say
they often cannot verify the Israeli
narrative leaving families with more
questions
than
answers I don't know what happened I
don't even think he had money to go out
he gets a little pocket money from
us sh says her son told her he died to
put his picture near his friends who
were also killed by Israeli forces he
loved life she says and dreamt of one
day becoming a journalist but being born
under Israel's occupation and living
through through its pain his dream never
came true nid Ibrahim Al jaaz the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer